Wait for dependencies in APIRule and API Gateway (#628)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/dependencies/06-00-api-gateway-dependencies.md

# API Gateway module depenedencies

## Istio

API Gateway requires Istio installed on the cluster. This is required as API Gateway creates the custom resources `Gateway` and `VirtualService` provided by Istio. The recommended installation option for Istio is the [Kyma Istio Operator](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio#install-kyma-istio-operator-and-istio-from-the-latest-release).

## Dependecies in BTP Kyma Runtime

> Additionally in `BTP Kyma Runtime` API Gateway uses `DNSEntry` and `Certificate` Custom Resources provided by [Gardener](https://gardener.cloud). The resources should be present in the Kyma instance with no additional steps needed, as `BTP Kyma Runtime` uses `Gardener` cluster as the running environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SAP BTP, Kyma runtime, API Gateway uses `DNSEntry` and `Certificate` custom resources provided by [Gardener](https://gardener.cloud). Because SAP BTP, Kyma runtime uses Gardener as the running environment, managed offering users are not required to install any dependencies manually.
```
